Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Party's on tonight.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Gerard? Don't drink too much.
- Hi.
Hi.
- Cheers. boys.
- Hey. Harper. wait up.
- Sorry. bro. You're not invited.
Oh. Go...
Oh! Shit.
- Oh.
- Guys. Noah said he'd be
back for dinner.
- Uh. Noah. your― your nephew?
- Mm.
- He does exist. Cole.
- I know. You booked Unit 4 for him.
- No. I've tried his phone. but it's
just calling through the wall.
He's a very bright boy. He's a little
bit absentminded. though. sometimes.
Maybe just hanging out with
a pack of teenagers.
- Oh. yeah ― town is full of them.
Maybe just get Jamie
to keep an eye out.
- No. no. I'm sure he'll be fine.
- I'm sure he'll be fine.
Noah's a good boy.
In fact. Noah is the Deputy Head Boy
at St Anthony Padua College.
Did I mention that?
- Yes.
- Sure did.
- First XI. and his swimming coach
reckons he's got a real shot
at the Olympics. He's very focused.
He'll be fine.
- There's a liquor ban in force!
- Cuff me. baby.
- OMG. who's the DILF?
- DILF alert. ladies!
- Go home. kids.
- Hey.
Have you. um― Have you got the list?
- Mm-hm.
- Written down?
- Oh. Cole.
- Saffas.
- Good morning. Saffron.
- Situation poolside.
Well. he lives.
- Yeah. but who is he?
- I'd say Maxine's nephew's
finally shown up.
- And this is what your son was
wearing when you last saw him?
Could you send that to me. please?
- I wouldn't normally worry.
Gerard's very popular
with the girls.
- Look. I'd say there are
a lot of teenagers
waking up in places they're not
supposed to be this morning.
- It's just that
his jet ski is gone.
- I'll give the Coast Guard a call.
There's no need to panic just yet.
I mean. kids will be kids
and all that. right?
Captions were made
with the support of NZ On Air.
- Morning.
I need another key for Unit 4.
My nephew misplaced it.
- There's a charge for that.
Well. we'll have to
get another one cut.
- Well. if anything. we should be
compensated. not charged.
- How do you figure that?
- Well. Vanessa. if you had
a 24-hour front desk.
then poor Noah wouldn't have
had to sleep outside.
- Whoa. 24-hour desk. that is―
no. that is not a thing.
- The old owners sometimes
had a 24-hour front desk.
if they were having a party.
- Hm?
- Please don't lose this one.
Otherwise we have to get the
locksmith out.
- 'Course he won't. He's a good boy.
- That's you told.
- It's Jamie.
Oh. that's not good.
- Vin. found a sports bar that has
the AFL ― only half an hour away.
Uh. that's great. honey.
- You OK?
- Yeah. Uh...
a boy's gone missing.
They've just found his jet ski.
- Shit.
That's no good.
- I'm pretty sure his parents have
just turned up. and Jamie'll need my
support. so I'll call youback. OK?
Bye. Bye.
Oh. wow.
This is a great car.
- Thanks.
- I've got a 1966 Ford Thunderbird
Town Landau. so...
- Dad wanted to buy me a Beemer.
but I was like. 'No.'
I had this whole Thelma and Louise
thing going on.
Do you know that movie?
- Yes. Yes. I do.
So. I'm guessing from your
number plate you're Brooke?
- Yup.
Um. this is Harper.
and that's Mackenzie.
- Hi. I'm Vinny.
Is Gerard a friend of yours?
- No.
- Nice to meet you girls.
- Thought we were almost there.
- It's not that far. OK?
So beautiful.
- Oh my God. look.
- So he comes off his jet ski
and ends up there.
Isn't that a bit―?
- Not possible.
- Yeah.
Not exactly making sense.
- Did someone dump him here?
- I'm gonna call in a specialist
team. and then. uh...
gonna have to tell the mum.
- Dumped. you reckon?
- Nah.
He definitely could've
fallen from here.
- Why was he up here on his own.
half dressed. no shoes?
- Partying in the next town.
missed his ride back?
- Mm. it's possible.
- Oh. oh. Watch out.
- Whoa.
OK.
Right. so he's standing
with his back to the view.
- Because he was looking
at somebody else...
...and that somebody else was
the last person to see him alive.
- Mm.
- Better get Jamie up here.
- Yeah.
I think he should talk to those
girls I saw. There was something
off about them ―
despite the fact that they had
the coolest car. honey.
It was red. convertible―
- Convertible Dodge?
- Yeah. How did you know that?
- I saw that car this morning.
- They were at the beach
when the jet ski was brought in.
- And before that.
they were out here.
- Brooke. Mackenzie and Harper.
- When did surnames
become first names?
- I dunno...
Cole.
Oh. wow. that's a nice spot.
Hm.
- So. the girls told you
they didn't know Gerard?
- Yeah.
I'm just wondering if they came
here before or after they heard
he was missing.
Maybe they just came here
for a swim. I mean. it's gorgeous.
- Yeah. sure is.
- Hey. shall we. um...?
Just a quick dip?
- We didn't bring any...
- Right-oh.
Oh...
You gotta love New Zealand.
You can be in a place like this
and not be worried
the wildlife's gonna kill you.
- Yeah.
- No crocs. no snakes.
no poisonous bloody spiders.
- It's divine.
Oh.
Oh! Nah. nah. Something just
touched my leg. Nah. nah. nah.
- No. Cole! No. Cole...
- There's no crocs. Vin.
- No. but there are eels.
which aren't as bitey
as crocs. but still.
- I tell you what ―
there is something down there.
- Well. honey. don't keep diving down
towards... Oh. for God's sake. Cole.
Oh. shit. Is that...?
Well. I guess we know
who that belongs to.
- Yeah.
Looks like it's got a laptop inside.
- So Brooke with a dollar sign
and her mates...
- ...came here this morning
to get rid of it.
Be good if it wasn't
completely waterlogged.
- Uh. yeah. Digital Forensics
might be able to save it.
- I have another idea. just. uh...
while we wait. May I?
- Hey. are you OK. Jamie?
- I just. um...
told her mum that we found her son.
and. uh...
Yeah. nah.
- I'm sorry to say
it never gets any easier.
- Anyway. um...
Gerard's mum provided
a list of the stuff he had ―
headphones. bag. computer. wallet.
phone. shoes. clothes. belt.
I can cross off
the first four things.
- And Gerard had that bag over
his shoulder when he left
his beach house last night.
- And this morning. there were
three girls at the waterhole
where we found it.
- Right.
I will get statements.
- Is that a problem?
- No. Uh...
thought girls in 2014
were scary. but these ones today
are... terrifying.
- Well. d'you want a bodyguard?
- Yeah. go on.
- Saffron.
If anyone in this town would know
how to fix a laptop that's been
submerged in water for hours.
it's you.
- How submerged are we talking?
- Like bottom-of-a-waterhole
submerged.
- Yeah. sweet. I'll just
chuck it in rice.
- Really?
- No. Cole. It's rooted.
- Right.
I mean. there's no chance at all?
- A couple of years back.
I was dating this solo mum.
Her kid didn't like me.
so one night he chucked
my laptop in the spa pool.
- Evil child.
- He was 23.
LF era.
Anyway. laptop. spa pool ― not good.
- But you got your data back?
- You have to pull out the drive
and let it dry for 48 hours.
and then you chuck it into
a working unit and you pray.
- I have complete faith
in you. Saffas.
- You visiting from Auckland?
For the whole long weekend?
- My grandparents have a place here.
- I'm staying at Harper's
grandparents' place.
- Everyone from school was coming.
and Dad didn't want me to miss out.
so we rented an Airbnb.
- Gerard goes to St Ant's.
We go to the sister school.
- We're all in the same
friend group. but I don't
know him that well.
Dad doesn't like me talking to boys.
- Me and Gerard. we had
a situationship last year but. uh...
yeah. he was way too vanilla for me.
- Sorry. What's confusing?
- Well. this morning.
you said you didn't know Gerard.
- I said we weren'tfriendswith him.
- OK. Uh. tell us about last night.
- We went to the bonfire
on the beach.
- And it wassoboring.
Just a bunch of bros sitting around.
- You know the kind ― look like
they're obsessed with League of
Legends and spiking drinks.
- So we left in Brookey's car.
- Just the three of us.
- We don't play well with others.
- Where did you go?
- I went to mine and Dad's Airbnb.
I have a curfew.
- Drove around for a bit. then home.
Back to Harper's
grandparents' place.
- Check with my gran if you like.
She told us off for
talking all night.
- We're looking for a new-model
mobile phone. T-shirt. trainers.
- But we've found the laptop.
- So?
- You were seen leaving the area
it was located in this morning.
Why were you at the waterhole?
- I wasn't.
- Well. a passing motorist
saw Brooke's car leaving
the waterhole this morning.
- Well. that doesn't sound like
I was there to me.
I know my rights. Um.
I'm leaving.
- Well. Harper's definitely
the leader. They've worked
their story out together. though.
- Hm. Why?
- Well. so we can't pick it apart.
- No. no. I mean ―
what's their motive?
- Well. that's what we've
got to find out. isn't it?
- Excuse me!
I'm Mackenzie Gray's dad. Greg.
- Jamie Haira.
Uh. this is Vinny Coleman.
my consultant.
- Gidday.
- Uh. just a bit concerned that
you've interrogated my daughter.
- Um. interviewed.
- Shouldn't there
have been a parent there?
- Not if they're over 16.
- And the girls all
declined that offer.
- So. what's this shit about. uh...
foul play or whatever?
Kid fell off his jet ski.
- Uh. I can't really share
any more information at the...
- Oh. But you can grill my daughter.
who's very. very distressed?
- Now she's distressed?
No offence intended. but the girls
were all very confident.
very articulate and not distressed.
- Well. next time you speak to my
daughter. you do it in front of me ―
or my lawyer.
- Well. this thing was found in the
pocket of the shorts he was wearing.
Otherwise... nothing.
- Hm.
Which means somewhere along the line.
he got changed into these boardies.
- Those aren't boardies.
- Saffron...
We― We would love it if.
just occasionally.
you knocked before coming in.
- Those are dad shorts.
- Uh. well. thanks. Saffron.
Let us know how you go
with that computer. eh?
- Sure thing. Mr Deluded.
- I prefer Mr Hopeful.
thanks. Saffas.
- If the laptop's kaput.
we need the phone.
- Mm.
Which will be with the clothing.
- Might shed some light as to why
he's at the top of that cliff.
- And then at the bottom ofit.
- And which one of those girls
pushed him.
Hi. Maxine.
- Hey.
- Your nephew knows Brooke?
- Uh. yeah. from Auckland.
Her and her friends arrived
very early this morning.
Very attractive girls.
- Hm.
- They all knew the...
you know. the dead boy.
- Uh-huh?
- Yeah. I lost a good friend of mine
when I was 16. Car accident.
- Oh. Maxine. I'm so sorry.
- Thanks. Yeah.
It's a hard thing to get your head
around. you know. especially when
you're young.
So it'll be good for them
to stick together.
- Hm.
Harper. Hi again.
Don't panic. Not here as a police
consultant today ― just motel owner.
- Weird.
- Does. um. no one want a newspaper?
- Made of actual paper?
It's not 1950. so...
- Oh...
What the...
hell?
- We don't know.
- If you guys hadn't bailed on me...
- Where did you even end up?
- By the surf club. Bunch of dicks
chucking bottles at police.
Where'd you end up with Gerard?
- Nowhere.
- Did.
I saw you.
- You were drunk.
- One minute. my bro's getting
in your car; next. he's dead.
It's so messed up.
- So messed up.
- Look. he got out of Brooke's car.
We don't even know where.
- But he reckoned you guys
were gonna hook up.
- He saw a bunch of randoms
he thought he knew.
He went off with them.
- Noah. he was literally fine.
- So where's all his shit. then?
Apparently. he had no clothes on.
- Maybe he hooked up with someone
and got lost.
- We don't have a clue
what happened. OK?
We're sorry. and we're sad.
We don't know anything else.
- That true. Mackenzie?
- Why would we lie?
- Vanessa. what are you doing?
- Hello.
Oh. I was just. um...
making sure you had. uh.
sheets and... towels.
- You know I use my own?
- Well. I do now.
Love what you've done with
the place.
That was a short walk. Maxine.
- I forgot my fitness watch.
- Ah. 'course. You need that.
- Um. were you eavesdropping
on my nephew and his friends?
- Bloody...!
Shit. s that an axolotl?
- That's Mark.
He was a present from my ex
on one of our anniversaries.
I thought he would've died by now.
to be honest.
The axolotl. not Barry.
But they live for over 15 years.
Anyway. Vanessa ―
eavesdropping? Really?
- In my defence...
- Yeah?
- ...what  heard
is that the last time your
nephew saw Gerard.
he was getting into a car
with those girls.
- I see. So...
what happened to that boyisn't
a case of misadventure
like everyone thinks?
- There's a few things
that don't add up.
- Look. Noah's very impressionable.
Should I be worried?
- No. He's holding his own.
from what I could hear.
She has an axolotl
in there. Cole.
- Well. I heard her fighting with
her ex over custody of a parrot.
- Wh...?
No. no. she's not bringing a parrot.
What if it talks?
- Pfft. 'Maxine want a cracker?'
- So what if it does?
- Well. it might keep
the other guests awake.
I'm Team Ex in that battle.
- Oh.
We know what kind of phone
Gerard had?
Excuse me.
Hi. Uh. that phone in the window ―
where did it come from?
- Oh. it was in the donation box
yesterday morning. Very generous
person out there somewhere.
- Just the phone?
- Oh. there were some items of
clothing. um. shoes. socks...
Um. I disposed of the socks.
We don't sell many of those.
- Where― Where's the clothing?
- On the men's racks.
I washed and dried them all.
and then out they went.
- Well. we wash and dry
all our donations.
Who wants to be walking around
in someone else's―
- ...DNA? I know. right?
- Uh. we'll take the phone. please.
- Oh. I knew that'd be snapped up.
- Are there any. um. security
cameras near the donation box?
Any way of telling who might
have dropped these things off?
- No. Why's that?
- Uh. we're pretty sure these
things belonged to a boy
who died two nights ago.
- Oh. I see.
We do get a few estate lots.
- No. not― not an estate lot.
I think whoever dropped these
things into the donation box
is a person of interest.
- Would you like me to put up a post
on the community Facebook page?
- Well. no―
- I think that is everything.
- OK.
- Could we grab a bag. please?
We just need to get these items
to the police.
- Of course.
- Thanks.
- So that'll be $75
and $500 for the phone.
- Uh...
- 450. then. I'm not going any lower.
- The woman at the thrift shop
very helpfully washed away any
potential forensic evidence.
- Look. this is all great...
- Jamie. just a quick one ―
can we give you the receipt for
reimbursement? She made us pay.
- We found something ―
in the storage compartment
on Gerard's jet ski.
One of yours.
- Oh. crap.
- I'm guessing you know
who might've left it there.
- Hey. Oi!
- We're just going
for a drive. Aunty.
- OK. Well... take care. darling.
- I'll be fine. Aunty.
- 'Course you will.
Good boy.
No. I don't see how that
would've happened.
- It was in the jet ski. Maxine.
Which means either Gerard
nicked Noah's room key...
- That'll be it.
- ...or Noah was with him the night
he died. just before he died.
- My nephew is a good. good boy. OK?
- I know.
Top student. Prefect.
You're not seriously
investigating my boy?
- I just need him to answer
a few questions.
- OK.
I will phone him and bring him
to the station.
- Appreciate it.
- And after that. you're
gonna owe us an apology.
and I'm gonna owe the New Zealand
Police a formal complaint.
- Phone was wiped.
Laptop was tossed in the water.
Gerard had something on those
devices someone wanted gone.
- Maybe Noah was in on it with
the girls? He took the jet ski out
to make it look like an accident.
and the girls...
pushed Gerard
from the lookout?
- You really think so. Vin?
- I don't know. What do you think?
- That if there was a way
to retrieve the data from
the phone. we'd know a lot more.
- Well. maybe he saved whatever
it is to the cloud. and Digital
Forensics can get into it.
- Well. while we're waiting.
I'm still hoping Saffron
can work a miracle with that laptop.
What are those two up to?
They're doing a runner.
- Wait. there. there. Noah. there.
OMG. thank you so...
- Hey. there.
Don't even think about
running. Noah. You...
We'll catch up with you eventually.
and it just makes you look guilty.
Guiltier.
Come on. Get in.
Well. I know why Noah wanted outta
here. but what about you. Mackenzie?
- She was just supporting me.
- His aunty went off on the phone.
and he was scared.
And I know what it's like.
- Your dad's pretty strict. huh?
Well. you know that he and your
aunty Maxine. they're just worried.
This is the most dangerous time
of your life. being a teenager.
- Actually. the two most dangerous
days of your life
are the day you're born
and the day you retire.
- Is that right?
- So. yeah. there's a sudden spike in
mortality when you've hit retirement.
and... I dunno.
I guess people feel like they
don't have a purpose anymore.
I'm into probability and statistics.
- Well. then you'll know
there's a high probability
that you have to answer some
questions for the police.
Go on. Mackenzie.
We'll catch up with you later.
He didn't do anything. you know.
- It's OK. Kenzie.
- No. it's not OK.
You shouldn't be accusing
everyone of m-murder. It's mean.
- It's not about accusing anyone.
It is about finding an answer ―
for Gerard and for his parents.
who are going through hell
right now.
Girlfriend?
- Just friends.
- Hey. I bet there is a reasonable
explanation as to why your room key
was found inside Gerard's
missing jet ski. right?
- Actually...
yeah.
- You stole a jet ski?
- I was gonna give it back.
- Noah.
- It ran out of gas.
- Noah. you could've drowned.
- You know I'm a good swimmer.
- What. you swam back? In the night?
Oh my godfather! You could've been
attacked by a shark!
- Maxine―
- What?!
- Could we just have
a minute. please?
- He's a good boy.
-  do know.
Thank you.
- Yeah.
- OK.
What was the beef with Gerard?
Why did you take the jet ski?
- I was wasted. and...
I was really
pissed off at him.
He took off with Harper
and Brooke and Mackenzie.
Didn't even invite me.
- Well. the girls said they were
just giving him a lift somewhere.
- Nah.
They were gonna give him
more than that.
Or that's what they told him.
And I thought. 'Nah.'
And then they all boosted.
- You know the girls quite well.
Is that the sort of thing
they do usually?
- Harper kinda hates guys. and...
I dunno. Brooke and Gerard used
to have a thing. so... whatever.
And Mackenzie's just... really shy
most of the time.
- So what you're saying is
it was out of character
for the girls to invite Gerard
to some group sex thing?
- Gerard was... bullshitting me?
- Or they were bullshitting him.
Do you know there's a spike in
mortality when people retire?
- Babe.
the day we retired.
our lives became less dangerous.
And look at this ― the pub
I was talking about ― boom.
Swans game this weekend.
- Oh. good. That'll make it
all better
Oh. sorry. I'm sorry.
'm fine.
I'm just having a moment.
- Well. come and have
a moment over here.
- Aw.
- Oh. good. There you are.
Noah just received
a threatening text message.
Hm?
- 'I will hunt you down.'
- Well. that's subtle
You don't know the number?
- Nah.
- Oop.
- God. is that another one?
- Yep.
'Stay away or you will be next.'
- Oh my...
- What if it's a serial killer?
- Oh. no. don't talk like that.
- All right. hold that thought.
Well. whoever it is.
they don't wanna speak in person.
I'll give it a minute.
and then I'll try it from my phone.
- Maxine. it's probably just
some stupid kid
trying to freak everyone out.
- I'll freak them out ―
with my blimmin' jandal.
- Here we go.
- Greg Gray speaking.
- Greg... Gray. Gidday.
- Who is this?
- Kenzie's dad?
- Pete Coleman. working
with the Mowai Bay Police.
You got a minute?
- He was leaving town. trying
to take my daughter with him.
I wanted to scare him off.
- Those kids are already scared.
Look. she's my baby girl.
I'm protective.
- 'You'll be next.'
That's more than protective. mate.
That's called threatening to kill.
Bloody hell.
- You all right?
- Uh... cut myself. I dunno. Look...
Mackenzie doesn't have a mum.
all right? So it's me and her.
I get it wrong sometimes.
- Can you tell me what you
were up to that night?
- Hey?
- What were you doing two nights ago
when Gerard died?
- Are you shitting me?
- No.  wanna know
where you were when he died.
- I'll give you a minute
to think about it. eh?
Yeah.
- Hey. boss. Uh. you might
wanna get back here quick.
- What's happened?
- I got that laptop drive firing.
- And?
- It's not good. Cole.
t's...
really bad.
- And this kid Gerard.
he made these videos himself?
- Uh-huh. Found the software
installed there.
- Boy.  stuff
was crazy. but that's...
- Deepfakes.
It's amazing what you can do
these days with the right app.
It just gets harder and harder
to tell what's real.
I almost got sucked in by
a cat catching a tuatara.
- And. you know. the fact that
the faces don't match the bodies
or what the bodies are doing.
- Yep. OK. All right.
- Harper and the others must have
found out about these.
- And that is a motive
if I ever saw one.
- I can't pretend to know
how you feel.
- How'd you find them?
- Um. Brooke had a thing
with Gerard.
- And he was always super
weird about his computer.
So one day I had a look.
and I saw this hidden folder.
- And you had no idea before that?
- That he was a disgusting creep
making fake porn? No.
There was even one of
his teachers from school on there.
- No woman was safe
with Gerard around.
- But they are now?
- We didn't do anything.
- I get that you would wanna get
these videos out of circulation.
- He wasn't circulating them. but...
- Yeah. but he did have
another hard drive.
- When did he say that?
- I don't know. People have
more than one hard drive.
Hey. can we please go now?
My dad is gonna freak.
- I'll check with Constable Haira
we have everything we need.
- Noah's story about
the gas checks out.
Hey. um... I'm really glad
you were here today.
I mean. talk about out of my depth.
- Teenage girls are terrifying.
- 'll let them
go home for now.
We can always bring them back in...
- This his?
- Uh. yep.
Yeah. it'll be going back to his mum.
- No. no.
No. hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Hey. No. no!
- Whoa. whoa!
- Harper...
Harper! Hey. hey. hey. Hey!
Harper. wait. Just...
Feel better?
- Sorrow concealed.
like an oven stopp'd.
doth burn the heart
to cinders where it is.
- OK. Um...
that's deep.
- I've done
a thousand dreadful things
as willingly as one would
kill a fly.
- Are we having a Shakespeare-off?
Cos I don't think―
- Nothing grieves me heartily indeed
but that I cannot do
ten thousand more.
- I get it.
I get it. You're angry.
You can talk to me.
- And properly ―
not in quotes from Hamlet.
I just―
- It's not Hamlet.
It's Titus Andronicus.
It's about violent.
bloody revenge.
- You wanna tell me what happened?
- We just wanted to
get rid of those videos
and make sure he never
did it to anyone else.
And...
nobody was meant to die.
And the rest?
- Ladies first.
- What's wrong?
You afraid we'll make some porn?
- What the hell?!
- We found your wank-bank of
deepfakes. You're a filthy creep.
and we're gonna end you.
But that was it.
We jumped in Brooke's car
and got out of there.
- Really?
- Hurry up! Oh my God.
Get in! Get in.
- Start the car.
- Shit! I can't find the keys.
- Guys. where is he?
- Bitch!
Let me in! What are you doing?!
I'm gonna mess you up.
you psycho bitches!
- He was alive when we left.
We just thought he'd have
a long. horrible walk home.
- It's pretty dangerous.
Open road at night.
- Do you think he slipped and fell?
- You took his clothes...
but he was wearing shorts
when he was found.
We think he met someone
else along his travels.
Where did you girls go next?
- We drove back here.
um. dumped his shit at the thrift
shop. and then. like I already said.
we dropped Mackenzie toher Airbnb;
me and Brooke went back
to my grandparents'.
You have to believe me.
- What do you mean you believe her?
What.  plenty of motive. last
to see him. but my wife has a hunch?
Let's hear it.
- There must be someone
or something we're missing.
- Hm.
- What do you think
about the dad? Greg?
- He had a cut up here.
- What. like a defence wound?
- That's what I was thinking.
Oh. shit.
That little... thing.
- What―?
Oh. the little bit of silicone?
- Yeah. it was in these shorts.
- In the pocket. yeah.
- It's not a defence wound.
It's more mundane than that.
And what did Saffron say
the other day?
- Oh. honey. Saffron
says a lot of things.
Dad shorts.
Vin.
- Huh. Nice spotting. Cole.
- What now?
- I never got an answer about where
you were the night Gerard died.
- Here. watching the cricket.
- All night?
- The thing is ― when Gerard's
body was found. he was wearing
a pair of shorts
we're pretty sure belong to you.
Greg.
- What are you talkin' about?
No. No. Can't be.
- Then how come the missing piece
of your sunglasses
was found in the pocket?
- That's how you cut your nose
the other day.
Nasty.
-  have no idea
how he would've got my shorts.
- You still maintain you were alone.
watching the cricket?
- No. I. uh...
Look. people saw me. OK?
People can verify ―
I went out looking for MacKenzie
and walked around and...
ended up at the surf club.
- Well. why not just say?
- Because I hate how
I've become that dad.
Out spying on his
17-year-old daughter.
- So you found her?
- No. It was crowded.
I couldn't see her or her friends.
- You said people could verify.
- Yes. if...
Look. if you asked around.
- OMG. who's the DILF?
- Go home. kids.
- DILF alert. ladies!
- How did Gerard come to be
wearing your shorts?
- I have no clue. all right?
I tossed them in the car boot
after fishing last weekend.
- Does your daughter drive?
- Yeah. She. uh― She's got
her restricted.
- Could she have taken your car?
- No. I just told you ―
she's on her restricted licence.
She can't drive after 10.
I don't know where the hell
you two are going with this.
but my daughter―
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Guitar's stopped.
- There.
- Mackenzie!
Mackenzie!
Hey. t's OK.
I just wanna help.
Harper and Brooke to the rescue. huh?
- They don't know anything about it.
- About what. Mackenzie?
-  didn't mean to.
- It's OK.
I know.
You were just trying
to punish him. yeah?
Take the power back.
So the three of you took
Gerard to the waterhole.
left him there with no clothes.
no phone. no way back.
- He deserved it.
He made us feel like...
He can't do that to us.
It's not fair.
-  agree.
You thought he was your friend.
You didn't know he had
a library of videos ―
stuff none of you have ever done
or wanted to do.
So you wanted to teach him a lesson ―
let him walk home. back
over those hills. yeah?
But what happened?
You had a change of heart?
- Harper and Brooke dropped me home.
Dad was asleep. I tried to
sleep too. but I couldn't.
And I hated Gerard so much.
but what if he got hit
by a car or something?
- So you went back?
- I am so sorry. you guys.
- Oh no. Kenze. t's OK.
- So took your dad's car.
caught up with Gerard ― the lookout
near the top of the hill ―
and gave him your dad's shorts
from the back of the car
and told him you'd
drive him back. yeah?
But Gerard wasn't grateful
that you'd come to rescue him.
- You owe me a new laptop.
you ugly bitch.
Shall we go back
to the waterhole...
and I'll just throw you in
and hold you under?
I couldn't even be bothered.
- Have a nice walk home. Mackenzie.
- He was gonna take Dad's car
and leave me there.
Gerard. Gerard. please ―
we can both just go back.
- Cry harder.
I don't fall for baby
feminist tears.
- I came back here to help you!
- Those films were
for my private use.
and you shouldn't have
gone into my shit!
I should report you.
But you know what
I'm gonna do instead?
I've got a hard drive.
and your video is gonna be
the first one I post.
But not before I email it
to your dad.
That sounds like an accident to me.
- Constable Haira's gonna
want to take a statement.
You just tell him exactly
what you've told me. OK?
- It's gonna be OK. Kenze.
I promise.
- We're here. babe.
- Kenzie!
- Dad?
Dad...
-  didn't mean to.
I'm sorry.
- Well...
that was a result.
- Not the one you were
hoping for. huh?
Oh. retirement's made me soft.
Need to toughen up.
- Come here.
- Hm.
- Hey.
Hey. you made it.
- Hi.
- Yep. But. uh. warning ―
I've never understood Aussie rules.
- Well. you are about to be educated.
my friend.
- Hey.
- Are you here for the AFL too?
- We are.
- Not really.
Cole wanted us to come
to cheer you up.
- Come here.
- Oh...
Oh.
- Hey?
- Thank you.
Some cases. feels like there's
no winners. so I appreciate it.
- Oh. you're welcome. Vanessa.
And you. my friend.
owe me a Chardonnay
and this one a light beer.
- Aw. light beer?
Sounds awesome.
- Hey. um. how's Mackenzie?
Do you know?
- Not really supposed to say this.
but... she's kind of a legend.
- Noah. murder is never the answer.
- Manslaughter.
Never the answer.
- Doesn't it depend
what the question is?
- Oh. get inside. you two.
- Jokes! Just― I'm joking.
- Move. Light beers for both of you.
Don't touch my wallet.
- Please? Just one.
- It was just a joke.
- Come on.
come on.
- I'll take a beer
as well. actually.
- Everyone in town calls you
Blue Murder Motel.
- Do they?
- He'll be the guy that blew himself
up. Karma's a beautiful thing.
- You victim. Gene ― he had no
fixed address. no next of kin.
- Oh. hi. Won't be a second.
- The old owners never
had this many guests.
- Well. we like guests. Saffron.
That's―
- Oh!
This wasn't―
-Probablywasn't
an accidental death.
- I heard you two used to be private
investigators. Or still are?
- Ahh!
- Honey. I thought we weren't
allowed to do that to guests.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org